Add more information about S3 configuration (#23)
artefactual/archivematica-storage-service-docs: administrators.rst

   * ``cd20f886-0c40-4202-af80-399b6ca9f1f1`` is the UUID of the AIP that we
     want to store.
   * ``storage-space-path`` is configured for the Storage Space Path *(no
     leading slash)*.
   * ``storage-location-relative-path`` is configured as Location
     (Relative-path) *(no leading-slash)*.

   The values for the storage space ``Path``. And Location ``Relative Path``
   will appear as configured::

     s3
     └── d6d618dd-2b7f-4177-8b59-10e242066cb7
         └── storage-space-path
             └── storage-location-relative-path
                 └── cd20
                     └── f886
                         │
                         └── ...additional pair-tree folders...
                             │
                             └── f1f1
                                 └── cd20f886-0c40-4202-af80-399b6ca9f1f1.7z

.. warning::

   For the `Path` configured in the Storage Space and `Relative Path`
   configured in the Location, they are best configured without a leading-slash
   (`/`) as this will impact the ability to delete stored packages on the S3
   service. This is an impact of the third-party library used to make S3 API
   calls.

>    If users have stored packaged on paths with leading slashes and packages are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If users have stored packages on paths with leading slashes and packages are
```

   not being removed from S3, consider modifying the configuration to remove

>    the slash. Do so with caution and in-preparation to put the leading-slash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the slash. Do so with caution and be prepared to put the leading-slash
```
